1. 5-Running(R), Sleeping(S), Uninterruptable sleep(D), Stopped(S), Zombie(Z).
2. pstree 
		-h, --highlight-all highlight current process and its ancestors
  		-H PID, --highlight-pid=PID highlight this process and its ancestors
3. 	The proc filesystem is a pseudo-filesystem created on fly when system boots and is dissolved 
		at time of system shut down and which provides an interface to kernel data structures.  
	It is commonly mounted at /proc.  Typically, it is mounted automatically by the system, but it can 
		also be mounted manually using a command such as: mount -t proc proc /proc .
4. cat /proc/cpuinfo
5.  ps -axfo user,group,pid,stat,%cpu,%mem,vsz,rss,tty,start,time,command
6. 	User-space processes have its own virtual address space.
	A kernel processes controls directly the kernel threads. 
	Because kernel processes are always in the kernel protection domain, threads within a kernel process are kernel-only threads. 
	The kernel process does not have a root directory or a current directory when initialized. 
	And they may be started before the kernel has started any user process (e.g. init).
7. ps aux, S-Interruptible sleep (waiting for an event to complete), 	
	   I-is multi-threaded (using CLONE_THREAD, like NPTL pthreads do), <-high-priority (not nice to other users)
	   N-low-priority (nice to other users)
8. ps -u vovaivasiuk
9. 
	top command : Display and update sorted information about Linux processes.
	atop command : Advanced System & Process Monitor for Linux.
	htop command : Interactive process viewer in Linux.
	pgrep command : Look up or signal processes based on name and other attributes.
	pstree command : Display a tree of processes.
10. 	The top command allows users to monitor processes and system resource usage on Linux. 
	It is one of the most useful tools in a sysadmin’s toolbox, and it comes pre-installed on every distribution. 
	Unlike other commands such as ps, it is interactive, and you can browse through the list of processes, kill a process, and so on.
11.     top -u vovaivasiuk
12.     'z' :Color/Monochrome_toggle, 'u' :Show_Specific_User_Only, 'A' :Alternate_Display_Mode_toggle, 'Z' :Change_Color_Mapping, 
	'c' :Shows Absolute Path of Processes, ‘r‘ :Renice a Process
13. 	ps aux --sort cputime(sort processes for cpu time (cumulated cpu usage)), 
	ps aux --sort %cpu (sort for current cpu usage),
	ps aux --sort %mem (sort for current RAM usage).
14. 	Linux has140 priorities and two distinct priority ranges. 
	The first one is a nice value (niceness) from -20 (highest priority value) to 19 (lowest priority value), default is 0. 
	The other is the real-time priority, which ranges from 1 to 99 by default, then 100 to 139 are meant for user-space.
	We can use nice when we want to start process and set priority, and renice to change the priority of proccess.
15. yes, firstly we need execute top command, 
	secondly we need to press 'r' button, 
	thirdly we must fill PID number to renice and press 'enter,
	lastly we must fill value on which we want to renice  and press 'enter'.
16. 	kill <process_id> (SIGTERM)
	kill -9 <process_id> (SIGKILL)
	kill -signal <process_id>
	killall in Linux is designed to "kill" all processes with the same name. 
	This is convenient because we don't need to know the PID of the process.
	The pkill command is used to terminate a process by name rather than ID.
17. 	The jobs command can display a list of current background tasks
	The fg command is designed to put the background task in normal mode
	The bg command is intended to resume execution of a stopped task in the background.
	With nohup, you can start a process and keep it running even after you have logged out.

	   



       

